It was a dark and gloomy morning, but my husband and my daughter took their bicycles and
went out to care for their Bible studies.
That evening around 5pm I was waiting for them to return, but instead I received a message
that my husband had died in an accident.
That night I really wanted to receive comfort, but because of the bad weather I couldn't
tell others about the accident.
That evening my two daughters and I tried to look for strength and comfort by reading
our organisation's publications.
Unexpectedly, even despite the bad weather, three of our brothers and sisters visited
our home.
They rode their motorbikes over two hours through the heavy rain.
But around midnight, seven more brothers and sisters from our small group came to our
house by foot.
It took them an hour and a half to walk bare foot through the rain and mud in the dark
to reach us.
Our family was strengthened by the brothers and sisters visit that night.
Because our village was very superstitious, I worried that the death of my husband would
bring reproach to Jehovah's name, so I prayed about this matter to Jehovah.
The next day many more brothers and sisters from our neighbouring congregations visited our
family.
Rather than reproach the love of the brothers brought glory and praise to Jehovah's name.
Thanks to the love and support that our brothers and sisters showed us, my oldest daughter
is currently serving at Bethel and my younger daughter is happily serving Jehovah with me.
In the new world, I would like to tell my husband of the unfailing love the brothers and
sisters have shown our family and how I trained our daughters to continue to progress spiritually
to the best of my ability with the help.
One elder said to me,
we are more than happy to assist with your material needs.
Although I have become a widow, such kindness helped me to overcome my despair and renew my
hope, the love of our brothers and sisters enabled our family to endure this tragedy.